---
layout: post
title: Resume and Introduction
tags:
- Section
- Promoted
sort: 0
---

salutation:

My name is Christopher Hunter, I'm writing to yoy regarding your 2013 bicycle sponsorship program. I'd like to tell you about myself and my background in racing.  I'm a BS graduate from Drexel University, [current board member](http://www.phillymtb.org/about/current-bod) of the Philadelphia Mountain Biking Association and Director of Technology at [Empathy Lab](http://www.empathylab.com/company/news/2012/08/14/whistle-while-you-work).  I'm a cat 1 DH and [former professional motocross racer](http://vault.racerxonline.com/rider/chris-d-hunter/races) with over 15 years racing experience.  I also spent a lot of time in my teenage years racing and riding BMX up into the 15 expert class.  I have represented many well known companies in the past and would love tp have the opportunity to bring this level of professionalism to {company} in the 2013 Gravity East, Category 1 Downhill class next season.

I started mountain biking about seven years ago with some friends that I had previously raced motocross with, and really fell in love with the simplicity of it.  It was a nice replacement for motocross while I got my degree, but it quickly became much more than that. Traveling on MTB trips became a big part of my life, Whistler, Moab, Highland, Lynn Woods, and many others have become seasonal destinations for myself and my friends. 

This year was my first season dedicating myself to gravity racing with any regularity.  I started the year in Cat 2 racing in Dualcross just to get my feet wet. One race and a handed victory later and I requested USAC to move me up to Cat 1 immediately.  Based on a single race and my background in racing motocros and BMX, myrequest was approved.  **While racing in Cat 1 in the Gravity East championship I logged two 1st places and three 2nd places in the Mens 30-39 division. Including a win at the series championship at Seven Springs**.  It was a terrific first season, and I had a fantastic time, the racing community is so much fun to be part of again.  

Next season I plan to race the entire Gravity East Downhill Series and the Golden State Series when time allows.  With the help of {company} I believe I can take home the Cat 1 30-39 title this year. It will be an exciting series, and I can hardly wait for it to start!

I have also become deeply involved with the advocacy side of MTB, first by helping start IMBAs first chapter organization the [Philadelphia Mountain Biking Association](http://www.phillymtb.org/about/current-bod).  Next by helping to re-open and rebuild Spring Mountain's Launch Bike Park.  I have met and remain in contact with a dizzing amount of
really amazing people through these endeavors. These connections will bring value to any potential engagement between myself and {company}.  

Thank you for your time.

Best Regards,


<address class="alert alert-info">
	<p>
		Christopher D. Hunter <br />
		C: 267.603.1505 <br />
		<a href="#"><span class="my-email"></span></a>
	</p>
</address>